OFFICIAL RULES

NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. PURCHASE WON’T INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. GAME BEGINS AT {{start_time}} ON {{start_date}} (“START DATE”) AND ENDS AT {{end_time}} ON {{end_date}}.

1. HOW TO PLAY:

The information that you provide in connection with this Game are provided to Sponsor and Administrator and not to Facebook, Inc (“Facebook”). If you are the first person to play the Game on or after the predetermined time and date for the most recent winning Game message made available, you will receive an on-screen message that says “YOU WIN!” and win the prize indicated, subject to verification of eligibility. Winning dates and times are randomly predetermined under the supervision of Administrator. {{entry_requirement}} Plays are subject to the Prize Limits set forth in Rule 2 below. Each participant’s plays must be associated with only a single Bozuko account. Each participant may use only one Bozuko account to participate and the same Bozuko account may not be used by more than one participant. Each play will be deemed to have been submitted by the natural person assigned the email address used in his/her Bozuko account by the entity responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with such person’s email address. If any participant uses more than one Bozuko account to play the Game or if more than one participant uses the same Bozuko account to play the Game, Sponsor reserves the right to disqualify all plays associated with the participant(s) and Bozuko accounts involved and to declare all prize(s) associated with such plays forfeited.

2. PRIZES AND ODDS:

{{prizes}} Total ARV of all prizes: {{arv}}. Any prizes in the form of Gift Cards are subject to all applicable terms and conditions of their respective issuers. Any prizes in the form of Coupons are subject to terms and conditions printed thereon. Additional restrictions may apply. All other prize details determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. Odds of winning depend upon the number of participants playing the Game and the date and time of each play. {{prize_limits}}Sponsor reserves right to substitute prizes of equal or greater value but no other substitution or transfer of prizes is permitted. Sponsor is responsible only for delivery of prize and is not responsible for prize utility, quality or otherwise. Taxes and fees, if any, are the responsibility solely of winners.

3. INSTANT WIN PRIZE CLAIMS:

Follow the prize claim directions that appear after your winning game message. No more than the stated number of prizes will be awarded. In the unlikely event that the winning message[s] for any prize level [are/is] distributed in numbers greater than the number stated in these Official Rules for such prize level, the number of winner[s] stated in these Official Rules will be selected in a random drawing from among all verified prize claims received for that prize level. All unclaimed prizes will not be awarded.

4. ELIGIBILITY:

This Game is open to individual legal residents of the United States (including Puerto Rico and the U.S. territories & possessions), age {{age_limit}} or older as of the Start Date, except employees (and their immediate families and members of the same household) of Sponsor, Bozuko, Inc. and prize providers and their respective affiliates, agents and advertising and promotion agencies (collectively, the “Promotion Parties”).

5. VERIFICATION OF WINNERS:

All winners are subject to verification of eligibility. Sponsor will make three (3) attempts to contact a winner by email. Any prize may be awarded to an alternate winner if a winner does not respond to an e-mail communication within [five (5)] business days after the date of the e-mail or if any letter, email or prize is returned as undeliverable. If a prize is won by a minor, it may be awarded in the name of his/her parent or legal guardian in Sponsor’s sole discretion. Each winner agrees to use of his/her name, address, likeness and/or prize information for promotional purposes in any medium without additional compensation to the extent permitted by law, any such use with respect to a minor to be subject to prior approval of his/her parent or legal guardian. Prize claims and entries are the sole property of Sponsor and will not be returned.

6. GENERAL:

This Game is void outside the United States and where prohibited or restricted by law and subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. This Game will be governed by the internal laws of the [State of Delaware]. Any and all legal actions or claims arising in connection with this Game must be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction within the United States. Sponsor and Administrator are not responsible for late, lost, stolen, damaged, garbled, incomplete, misaddressed, postage due or misdirected entries, mail or communications, for errors, omissions, interruptions, deletions, defects or delays in operations or transmission of information, in each case whether arising by way of technical or other failures or malfunctions of computer hardware, software, communications devices or transmission lines or data corruption, theft, destruction, unauthorized access to or alteration of Game materials, loss or otherwise. Further, Sponsor and Administrator are not responsible for electronic communications that are undeliverable as a result of any form of active or passive filtering of any kind or insufficient space in a participant's e-mail account to receive e-mail messages. The use of automated software or computer programs to register for or to participate in this Game is prohibited and any individual who uses or attempts to use, or who Sponsor or Administrator suspects of using, such methods to register or play will be disqualified. Sponsor reserves the right to restrict participation from any IP address, Facebook account and/or email address if suspicious activity is detected. Sponsor disclaims any liability for damage to any computer system resulting from participation in, or accessing or downloading information in connection with, this Game and reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, cancel, terminate or suspend this Game should any virus, bug, technical failure, unauthorized human intervention or other cause beyond Sponsor’s control corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or intended conduct of this Game. In the event of any such cancellation, termination or suspension, a notice will be posted at {{page_url}}. Sponsor reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to disqualify any participant (and all of his/her plays) from this Game or any other promotion conducted now or in the future by Sponsor or any of its affiliates if Sponsor or Administrator determines that he/she has tampered with the play process, attempted to circumvent the terms of these Official Rules or his/her fraud or misconduct has affected the integrity or fair conduct of this Game. Sponsor reserve the right to correct clerical or typographical errors in promotional materials. By participating in this Game, each participant accepts the conditions stated in these Official Rules, agrees to be bound by the decisions of Administrator and warrants that he/she is eligible to participate. Each participant also agrees to release the Promotion Parties, Facebook and their respective directors, employees, officers and agents from any and all liability, loss or damages arising from or in connection with participation in this Game, the awarding, receipt and/or use or misuse of prize or participation in any prize-related activity. CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT BY ANY INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEBSITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THIS GAME IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES FROM SUCH INDIVIDUAL TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

7. WINNERS LIST:

Winners names will be posted at {{winners_list_url}} after verification of winners.

10. QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS GAME? Send an email to questions@bozuko.com

Copyright © 2011 Bozuko, Inc. All rights reserved.
www.bozuko.com

This Game is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook.